# Swap
The idea behind this project is to give people an option to exchange products and services without money (barter).  

# Github Actions CI
Similar to the case of <a href="https://github.com/Gelassen/government-rus">government-rus</a> tests passes locally, but on the server one test has been failing which marks CI run as unsuccessful. The root cause of this is unclear. Build reports created at the end of the build work as 2nd source of confidence as a workaround of this issue.  

# Tech doc in user stories
As a user I open an app and write services I can offer. 

As a user I open an app and write services or products I am interested in.

As a user after finish profile with "I can offer" & "I am interested in" I can find people who offers services I am interested in. 

As an application I can chain people (more than two) who are interested in services offered by at least one in chain. 

# Installation
This is a client-server application with use of ethereum chain. The cost of deployment and operation of project work on Mainnet force us to use private own network. At time of writing development goes with help of Goerly testnet. 

1. Server is run by setting production configuration file and running commands: ```$npm install && npm run start:prod```
2. Server would require database which creation and configuration file lays in the repository
3. Android mobile client would require release build with sing keys generated by you.
4. Ethereum chain contracts, ```SwapValue.sol``` and ```SwapChain.sol``` would require deployment. Their addresses available after depoloyment should be passed to mobile client and server configs.
5. Mobile client operates with chain over java\kotlin wrappers which require binary code of the compiled contracts. Binary code is available after execution ```$npx hardhat compile```

# Inspired by
The idea to use barter with assist of the modern tech was heard by me from russian ex-oligarch Herman Sterligov during finance crisis in 2008. The idea of matching and chaining people together by their needs and offers has borrowed few things from dead Google project Schemer (https://gcemetery.co/google-schemer/) 

# Contacts
For reporting issue use 'Issues' tab, for offers -- pull requests.

Email: swap.dev.abc@gmail.com
